Hello everyone today I decided to sing
tubules with condensed milk
bake tubules first and then do
Margarine filling need to melt
pour the eggs sprinkle sugar sugar
whisk until sugar is
dissolve
add vanilla sugar pour out
melted margarine whisk whisk
sift flour and well all
mix
waffle makers need to grease vegetable
oil and heat it a small amount
waffle maker dough
I close and press her waffles right away
quickly wrap so that they do not have time
harden condensed milk whipped with butter
the tubules begin with the help of pastry
bag
can use a pastry syringe
or ordinary spoon
and
bon appetit and good mood